with-socket-io/thinking.md, before:

✅

# HANDLING MESSAGE QUEUE

- Clear useless button
- Document

# Hey

- install dependencies ✅
- connect with a socket to the backend as in the example ✅
- Create a minimal websocket endpoint, make just respond with pong ✅
- Connect to it with the react app ✅
- Frontend: create buttons to manage the state of the connection and sending messages ✅
- Ping Pong ✅
- Read the server to server connection documentation ✅
- Handle the connection at test2 the same way as home screen (With states) but to google instead ✅
- Response queue,
  - leaves one item after the response
  -
- Create a function called `onUsageReporting`, make it a parameter
- `onReceivingMessage`
- `onSocketError`
- `onSocketClose`
- `onAiResponseReady` => the response in base64
- `onAiShouldStopSpeaking`
-
- Display voice of the response
- Record a voice with microphone
- convert the voice to base64
- send the voice to google, and wait for the response
- make it live some how
- Hook

- From frontend, send the same voice base64 request to the websocket endpoint
- Make the backend receive this base64 request
- make the backend send this base64 request to google, and return the response
- make the backend send the response from google to frontend
- make frontend read the backend response in socket
- make the frontend display the voice in the base 64 backend response
- send a voice from the frontend to the backend
- send the voice every 0.1 seconds

Commit message:

feat: established connection perfectly with the Gemini API

with-socket-io/thinking.md, after:

✅

# API response Length:

# Call list models

gemini-2.5-flash is not found for API version v1beta, or is not supported for bidiGenerateContent. Call ListModels to see t

# HANDLING MESSAGE QUEUE

- Clear useless button
- Document

# Hey

- install dependencies ✅
- connect with a socket to the backend as in the example ✅
- Create a minimal websocket endpoint, make just respond with pong ✅
- Connect to it with the react app ✅
- Frontend: create buttons to manage the state of the connection and sending messages ✅
- Ping Pong ✅
- Read the server to server connection documentation ✅
- Handle the connection at test2 the same way as home screen (With states) but to google instead ✅
- Response queue,
  - leaves one item after the response
  -
- Create a function called `onUsageReporting`, make it a parameter
- `onReceivingMessage`
- `onSocketError`
- `onSocketClose`
- `onAiResponseReady` => the response in base64
- `onAiShouldStopSpeaking`
-
- Display voice of the response
- Record a voice with microphone
- convert the voice to base64
- send the voice to google, and wait for the response
- make it live some how
- Hook

- From frontend, send the same voice base64 request to the websocket endpoint
- Make the backend receive this base64 request
- make the backend send this base64 request to google, and return the response
- make the backend send the response from google to frontend
- make frontend read the backend response in socket
- make the frontend display the voice in the base 64 backend response
- send a voice from the frontend to the backend
- send the voice every 0.1 seconds
